Add description of the abbreviated term "RBS" (#1350)
ruby/rbs: README.md

# RBS

> RBS (*R*u*B*y *S*ignature) is a language to describe the structure of Ruby programs.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
RBS (“`.rb` *s*ignature”) is a language to describe the structure of Ruby programs.
```
